Hey it's Bruno here.
Look at this I really like this security guideline you've created.
I think the CEO is going to absolutely love this and he's going to feel confident moving forward that
we have implemented best practices for securing our apps.
Really awesome job.
I think you're starting to become a bit of a senior developer aren't you.
Maybe you need a promotion soon.
All right.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Go take a nice rest.
You've worked hard today.
Well I hope you had fun in this section.
This is one of my favorite topics because it's just so interesting how many places that we have to be
careful when building applications and it's often overlooked.
We don't really talk too much about it but these are really really important to avoid not only causing
companies damage but also users.
We talked about injections and how they're the most common way that attackers hack web sites.
We learned about third parties and how we want to make sure that they're trustworthy and up to date
logging for information about our system.
We pretty much learned that HEG B-S should be everywhere.
We learned some interesting ways that hackers use cross-site scripting and see surf to do bad things.
We learned about having secure headers for our requests.
We learned about the rule of least priviledge that is to give the literalist access possible to members
about password storage and how we should store hashed passwords.
We learned that we pretty much can't trust anyone because Darth Vader is everywhere.
And then finally we touched lightly on the authentication topic but we understood that password management
and authenticating user is a very critical part of our app that we're going to go further into in the
JWT and sessions section.
But we should have these rules in the back of our head every time we build apps.
And as long as we follow these rules we've covered majority of the topics that really really could affect
products and companies.
Are there more than this.
Absolutely.
But as I said you're never going to have 100 percent security what you can do though is be smart about
it and try to tackle the big ticket items that are easy to implement obvious and will make your application
more secure than the average
by the way the wasp or the Open Web Application Security Project releases every year.
The top 10 biggest issues on the web when it comes to security and they have a really really good information
on how to prevent them why you can do.
And every year things change.
So this is a great place to stay up to date with the latest security features are highly recommended.
They're really really good especially the Avast top 10.
Like I said it's a great read that you can see for yourself what bad people do.
But for now I think we deserve some rest.
Go dig a break and I'll see you in the next section.
Buh-Bye.